HEADER
The first sheet is always the header. 
The first row is ignored syntactically. It is expected that you use this as a header comment 
for your reaction
the remaining rows are syntactically significant (the program reads them), but it is flexible.
The only hard constraints are:
    one row must have the string "using_temp_ctrl" in the A column, and 'yes' or 'no' 
    in the B column. (yes if you want to use module)
    one row must have the string "temp" in the A column, and a float, 
    the temperature in celcius, if you are using temp mod, else anything (recommend blank)
    one row must have the string "data_dir" with a string value, the name of the folder to
    put everything (platereader data, dump files at end, error messages, etc.). This folder 
    will be automatically constructed in the 'Plate Reader Data' directory in the google drive
    if possible, but if not it will just dump to the current directory
It is recommended that you only use these two rows, but I do not guarentee that the code 
will crash if you do other strange things 

INPUT TEMPlATE
The second sheet in the worksheet must be the input template
Every operation is one of the values ['transfer', 'scan', 'pause','stop','dilution','mix']
chemical that appears in the reagent column shall be renamed with spaces replaced with underscores,
and it's concentration appended in the format '<name>C<conc>', e.g. PotassiumC0.03
If a reagent is not a product, it will be queried later. If it is a product it will not be queried.
This implies that the robot cannot put things into solutions that you made and put on the deck
The order of columns is unimportant with the exception that the reagent column must come before 
the products and there must be no other columns after it that are not products.
(This is used to determine what rows are not parameters)
Please do not write concentrations in different ways. It's not nice. e.g. .050 sodium hydroxide 
and 0.05 sodium hydroxide are distinct names to the robot. It might treat them as 
different chemicals
It's really not expected that you 'transfer' liquid into yourself. 
I recommend you refrain from doing this, but I do not guarentee that the code will crash if you do
If you have no reagents, weird stuff happens
The Labware row is used to specify labware for a chemical. 
Choose from the dropdown menu if you have a preffered type of labware (e.g. temp controller) 
for that reaction. This can be left blank if you don't care the labware you want to use
The Container row is used to specify the container you want the reagent in. (e.g. Tube2000uL) 
This can also be left blank if you don't care what you put this reaction in.
You can specify both/either/neither Container and Labware. 
Eve will satisfy all conditions you supply (if possible).
The Total Vol row is used to specify the total volume you want a reagent to have AT THE END OF THE
REACTION. e.g. total vol 200 means that I expect the container to have a volume of 200 at the end.
This volume will be created by filling the container with water, not aspirating from the container.
This implied that you must not fill a column with greater than the total volume
Every row after the first 4 is interpreted as an operation, and should have an entry in that col
When using products the concentration is always 1 unless diluted
One of the reagents should be 'Water' named with uppercase W if you expect to do any dilutions
transfer:
    Specify volume in uL under the columns you want to transfer into
dilution:
    specify 'dilution concentration' for desired concentration. specify concentration and reagent
    to tell what you want to use as the reagent. Finally, mark a column 'dilution_placeholder' and
    put the desired final volume in that column
stop:
    thats it. no args. program will grind to a halt
pause:
    must add pause time in seconds. Will pause that long before continuing
scan:
    must specify the protocol on scanner you wish to run, and the filename without 
    exetension that
    you want to save the data as. Mark the wells you wish to scan with a 1. mark 0 or blank in
    others
    IF YOU HAVE ALREADY RUN THIS PROTOCOL AND HAVE A SCAN OF THE SAME NOW IN THE SCAN DIR
    IT WILL BE OVERWRITTEN. YOU'VE BEEN WARNED
mix:
    specify wells to mix with a 1. This is redundant for now because only platereader wells can be
    mixed, but for anything that's not on the plate reader future features would pipette mix it
plot:
    specify the wells to plot with a 1. Specify the filename in the slot for plot filename.
    Options for plot protocol are: single_kin, overlay, multi_kin.
    If single_kin is chosen, the name of the file will be your "{wellname}_{filename}" for
    for each well you specified

AUTO INPUT TEMPLATE
Same as for input template, with two major changes.
1. Instead of multiple products, you specify one column with the
   keyword template. This obviously makes some actions impossible. e.g. you can no longer
   perform an explicit dilution because you don't have a column to put it in.
2. When specifying the volume to transfer, instead of a volume in microliters, you specify
   a value in range (0,1]. The robot chooses the total amount of volume to put in, but
   you can use this functionality to specify how much of that total volume you want to put in
   at any given step. e.g. transfer .75 of the reagent at step one and .25 at step two after
   a mix. The decimals for any reagent must add to one.
In addition, there are some other requirements.
The last scan you do is the one that the machine learning will train on.


REAGENTS INFO
This tab is generated by the robot with the chemical name (in <name>C<conc> format) and the concentration
You are responsible for inserting a loc (location on labware e.g. A1), deck_pos (deck_position of labware), and mass of container with reagent
empty tubes can also be added to TubeHolder objects at this stage.
an empty tube is specified with the keyword 'empty' as the chemical_name, a loc, and a deck_pos. 
The other fields may be left blank.
Molar mass should be entered only for dry ingredients. If a molar mass is entered it is assumed
that that reagent is dry. For dry ingredients, the mass is NOT the mass of the tube as in other
reagents. This is because dry reagents are often placed in wellplates. (and you're not measuring
out reagent in volumes anymore) Instead, mass is assumed to be the mass of the powder itself
The concentration of a dry reagent should not be specified, and it's chemical name should be the
name of the chemical without C<conc>

DECK POSITIONS
You must choose from the dropdown menu. platereader4,platreader7 are fixed, but the rest can go in any open space, and you can have as many duplicates as you want
For tubes leave the below field blank. For plates/tip racks, you must always put the position of the first usable well/tip.
It is assumed that that tip/well specified and every tip/well after that is usable
Left and Right are the robot arms. specify which pipete you are using. 
NOTE it is assumed that for a tip rack is 20, 300, or 1000 ul, and that these are in the name.
It is also assumed that you never have two partially used tip racks of the same size on the deck 
at the same time
It is also excpected that the name of the pipette be of the form <size>ul_<name>. 
This is required for parsing to get size
The code is written to expect pipettes as instruments. If other instruments are chosen, 
the code to change will be OT2Controller._init_labware_and_pipettes
Only one platereader needs a first well/tip argument. It doesn't matter which one. 
Leave the other blank

